Update `CONTRIBUTING.md` and support WSL2 (#3378)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- Please provide the issue number here if any -->

> Fixes #

## Changelog Entry

> <!-- Please paste your new entry from CHANGELOG.MD here. Not needed for works related to development purpose only. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Please paste your new entry from CHANGELOG.MD here. Entry is not required for work only related to development purposes. -->
```
